Add contribution and development docs (#4441)
pipe-cd/pipecd: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

Fixes #

**Does this PR introduce a user-facing change?**:

> - **Who does this affect**:
> - **How to migrate**:
> - **Why make this breaking change**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- **Is this breaking change**:
- **How to migrate (if breaking change)**:
- **How are users affected by this change**:

```
And we can remove the below `release-note` section/block
